README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

<div>
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Denis-Lima&theme=dracula" />
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Denis-Lima&layout=compact&theme=dracula&hide=jupyter%20notebook" />
</div>

##

<div style="display: inline_block"><br/>
  <img height="50" width="50" align="center" alt="javascript-logo" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" />
  <img height="50" width="50" align="center" alt="nodejs-logo" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" />
  <img height="50" width="50" align="center" alt="python-logo" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" />
  <img height="50" width="50" align="center" alt="typescript-logo" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" />
  <img height="50" width="50" align="center" alt="vuejs-logo" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original.svg" />
  <img height="50" width="50" align="center" alt="react-logo" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" />
  <img height="50" width="50" align="center" alt="express-logo" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" />
  <img height="50" width="50" align="center" alt="html5-logo" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" />
  <img height="50" width="50" align="center" alt="css3-logo" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" />
</div>

##

<div>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/felelima/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"  /></a>
</div>

##

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [SuperClient Solutions](https://novo.superclientsolutions.com/)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Python
- 🎓 I’m currently studying at [Fatec SJC](https://fatecsjc-prd.azurewebsites.net/)

Commit message:

Update institution, learning and working

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

<div>
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Denis-Lima&theme=dracula" />
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Denis-Lima&layout=compact&theme=dracula&hide=jupyter%20notebook" />
</div>

##

<div style="display: inline_block"><br/>
  <img height="50" width="50" align="center" alt="javascript-logo" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" />
  <img height="50" width="50" align="center" alt="nodejs-logo" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" />
  <img height="50" width="50" align="center" alt="python-logo" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" />
  <img height="50" width="50" align="center" alt="typescript-logo" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" />
  <img height="50" width="50" align="center" alt="vuejs-logo" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original.svg" />
  <img height="50" width="50" align="center" alt="react-logo" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" />
  <img height="50" width="50" align="center" alt="express-logo" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" />
  <img height="50" width="50" align="center" alt="html5-logo" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" />
  <img height="50" width="50" align="center" alt="css3-logo" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" />
</div>

##

<div>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/felelima/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"  /></a>
</div>

##

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [SuperClient Solutions](https://novo.superclientsolutions.com/) and [Codifica ai](https://codificaai.com/)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Python, TypeScript and Vue 3 (compostion API)
- 🎓 I'm graduated from institution [Fatec SJC](https://fatecsjc-prd.azurewebsites.net/)
